To build a "drop-in" installable zip file to use in Pentaho Data Integration (Kettle):

1. If this is the first time building the project, run the following
   command to unzip the Eclipse SWT project dependencies into your
   personal Maven repository:
   
   mvn -s settings.xml -P run-once install

2. Refer to the java-ecl-api project to install and build, this will create a binary an
	install it into your local maven repository.
	
3. From the spoon-plugins directory (the project root), run the following 
   command to build the individual project components:    
   
   mvn -s settings.xml install

4. Upon successful execution of the previous step, run the following command
   to create the distributable zip file: 
   
	- To build the distribution with no Library support (spoon-plugins-distribution.zip)
		mvn -s settings.xml -P create-distribution install
   
	- To build the distribution with the ML Library support (spoon-plugins-distribution-ml.zip)
		mvn -s settings.xml -P create-distribution-ml install
   
	- To build the distribution with the SALT Library support (spoon-plugins-distribution-salt.zip)
		mvn -s settings.xml -P create-distribution-salt install
   
	- To build the distribution with both SALT & ML Library support (spoon-plugins-distribution-full.zip)
		mvn -s settings.xml -P create-distribution-full install
   
5. Upon successful execution the file "spoon-plugins-distribution.zip" will be
   found in the project's target directory.

6. To install in Pentaho Data Integration (Kettle), unzip the above file into
   the "data-integration/plugins" directory of the Kettle installation.
   
7. The directory structure of Kettle should look like this:
   data-integration/
       /plugins
           /spoon 
               /eclresults
                   eclresults.jar
           /hpcc-common
               ecldirect.jar
               eclgui.jar
			   /properties
					libraryInclude.properties
       /jobentries
           /ecldataset
               ecldataset.jar
           /ecldedup
               ecldedup.jar
           ...   

8. Delete spoon-plugins-distribution.zip file from the Kettle installation.

NOTE: If so desired you may incorporate the Maven settings into your
.m2/settings.xml file, eliminating the need to specify this project's
settings.xml file on the command line.

NOTE: In order to use the SALT features you must obtain a commercial license of SALT, and 
install SALT on your system please visit hpccsystems.com for more details.  Without SALT installed
the SALT features will fail to work.
